Welcome back everyone.
Good to see you here in this session.
I'm going to talk about where to from here.
It's been a really exciting journey so far and what we've done so far is that we've covered some of
the state of the art models all the way including veggie which is very deep convolution all networks
for large scale image recognition.
In fact I do have a notebook in there.
Call rest net 2016.
Now the question that you're naturally going to ask is that what happened between 2016 and two now there's
quite a lot of development and there are quite a lot of state of the art design and the CNN that's been
created.
I just want to give you a brief overview of it right.
So if you look at this what you can see here is that you have top 1 top 1 accuracy.
So the meaning the higher these are the better it is Inception is the high is followed by Inception
be three resonate for 1 5 to resonate 1 to 1 and rest at 34.
I encourage you to go and have a look at the rest.
It won't be walking through that.
That was on the feature extraction.
The notebook is there.
It's just that I haven't actually run walk through with with you a bit mainly because it's actually
very similar to Jeju 16 and then you have the rest at 16 Google an ADD IN IT AND THEN YOU HAVE SOME
OF THE ALEXA net over here the rigid you 16 that's the one that we spend a fair bit of time on.
And one thing that this picture doesn't show is that as you move towards the right the length of time
it takes to train.
The model goes up substantially OK.
So there are a couple of things that spin massive advancements.
There's the fine tuning that works.
There is also the adaptive learning rate.
Now what exactly is fine tuning networks.
What we've done so far is actually feature extraction we've left all the weights that's in the model
untouched meaning we didn't actually touch it at all.
But what you can do is actually start opening up the layers one by one for fine tuning.
That's the basic idea there.
What about adaptive learning rate so far.
We carers does allow you to change your learning rate.
What we've done so far is that we just use a pretty standard learning rate and we didn't actually alter
it that.
And one of the ways that you can actually do to this it's a more advanced technique is it which require
a lot more babysitting of your model is to change your learning rate as to accuracy you start to get
better and better and you ought to and should slow down your learning rate so that it doesn't shoot
overshoot.
The the the so.
I do or the lowest loss.
OK.
Because ultimately the whole or the models are looking at the lowest loss or minimize the error.
There are a lot of advancement that's been made on the optimization model.
The one that we talked about a little bit is est JD or stochastic gradient descent.
We use our immense prop quite a fair bit although I didn't dig into it and explaining what they are
for now is sufficient for you to actually just use the model to actually train your neural network there
are some more advanced or state of the art architecture.
We talked about video net rather than just rather than just using built it up from ground up.
You have to Alex that you have the Google cool on it which is also called Inception and rest on it.
So the picture source is so is an analysis of deep neural network models for practical application.
So please do look up that if you want to X do you find out a little bit more.
There are some would say of the art tools that I just want to highlight so that you can actually look
them up to all these UN endorsement is just really to highlight to you that they they do exist and do
have to look at them some of them does make a life a lot easier and so it will help immensely.
So H2O deep condition meaning you don't actually have to code at all.
You can actually start building a neural network without writing code as we did so far.
Robyn miner is another one where it is completely gooey based.
You have nine hour tricks and data robot.
There are some compute free compute that is provided that you can actually make use of.
If you don't have G.P. you and you want to actually expedite your training process.
You can use Google Colette.
Okay collab research Cagle as well as notebooks dot as you read that I'm going gonna stop this video.
Thank you once again for watching and I look forward to seeing you in the future lessons.